# Imprint | Data Protection | Privacy

# Legal disclosure according to §§ 24, 25 Austrian media law and § 5 E-Commerce law:\*\*

**Media owner, publisher, responsible for content and editorial office, service provider: **

[Austrian Academy of Sciences](https://www.oeaw.ac.at/en/)

Corporate body organized under public law (BGBl 569/1921 idF BGBl I 130/2003)

[Institute for Habsburg and Balkan Studies (IHB)](https://www.oeaw.ac.at/ihb/)

Dr. Ignaz Seipel-Platz 2, 1010 Vienna, Austria

E-Mail: [ihb@oeaw.ac.at](mailto:ihb@oeaw.ac.at)

[Austrian Centre for Digital Humanities and Cultural Heritage (ACDH-CH)](https://www.oeaw.ac.at/acdh)

Dr. Ignaz Seipel-Platz 2, 1010 Vienna, Austria

E-Mail: [acdh-tech@oeaw.ac.at](mailto:acdh-tech@oeaw.ac.at)

# Nature and purpose of the business:

The Austrian Academy of Sciences (OEAW) has the legal duty to support the sciences and humanities in
every respect. As a learned society, the OEAW fosters discourse and cooperation between science and
society, politics and economy.

The Institute for Habsburg and Balkan Studies of the Austrian Academy of Sciences is dedicated to
historically oriented research on the Habsburg Monarchy and the Balkan region. The Institute
conducts basic research on the development, preservation and interpretation of cultural heritage.

The Austrian Centre for Digital Humanities and Cultural Heritage (ACDH-CH) is an OEAW institute
founded with the goal to support digital methods in arts and humanities disciplines. The ACDH-CH
supports digital research in manifold ways.

# Signing power:

President: Univ.-Prof. Dr. phil. Heinz Faßmann Vice president: Univ.-Prof. DI Dr. techn. Ulrike
Diebold Class president: Univ.-Prof. Dr. iur. Christiane Wendehorst LL.M. (CANTAB.) Class President:
Prof. Dr. Wolfgang Baumjohann Supervisory body: Academy council. For more information, please visit
[https://www.oeaw.ac.at/en/oeaw/bodies/academy-council/](https://www.oeaw.ac.at/en/oeaw/bodies/academy-council/)

# Main aim:

This website is dedicated to providing information on the results emerging from this project.

# Disclaimer:

The Austrian Academy of Sciences does not take responsibility for the nature, accuracy, entirety or
quality of the provided information. In the case of links to websites of other media owners, whose
content the OEAW is neither directly nor indirectly responsible for, the OEAW does not assume
liability for their content and excludes any liability in this case.

# Copyright notice:

This website and its content is, unless indicated otherwise, licensed under a creative commons
[CC-BY 4.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) International license (Attribution).

# Data privacy notice:

This is a notice to indicate that for reasons of system security and overview of user behavior,
personal data of users of this website (visiting period, operating system, browser version, browser
resolution, country of origin, number of visits) will be stored using cookies and
[Matomo tracking](https://matomo.org/). Data will be stored until further notice. Data will not be
disseminated without your explicit consent. By using this website, you agree to the manner and
purposes of data processing. You can disable cookies in your browser settings. However, this might
limit functionality of this website. Please find the OEAW's detailed data privacy statement
[here](https://www.oeaw.ac.at/en/oeaw/data-protection/). The contact data published in the context
of the imprint duty may not be used to send promotional or informational material not explicitly
requested. We explicitly disagree with this usage.
